האם את יכולה לפרט פנטזיה שבה ישנם ארבעה משתתפים. אני, Avi Weiss בן הזוג שלך, מורין, ועוד זוג חברים - עומר ואלה, שני צעירים שהצטרפו אלינו להרפתקאות שלנו מזמן. המהות של הפנטזיה היא מעיין טכס חניכה בפעם הראשונה שבה אני (avi) נחדר בפעם הראשונה על ידי גבר עם זין אמיתי, וגם לומד למצוץ לגבר בפעם הראשונה - מי שמלמדות אותי (Avi) למצוץ זו את ואלה  ואחרי שאני לומד למצוץ היטב - אתן נותנות לי למצוץ עד שעומר גומר לי בפה, ובפעם הראשונה אני טועם זרע של גבר אחר מלבד שלי. לאחר הגמירה את מורין ואלה חברה שלך, מבקשות ממני למצוץ לעומר שוב - עד שהזין יעמוד לו שוב - ואז אתן מגיעות לחלק העיקרי של הפנטזיה - חדירה של עומר לתחת שלי (Avi) עבור החלק השני אתן קודם כל מריחות את החור של התחת שלי (אני לא מקולח) ואתן מתענגות על הריח ומתארות אותו אחת לשניה ולעומר. אתן מלקקות לי את פי הטבעת היטב עד שאתן מרגישות שהוא מתרפה ואז אתן מתחילות להרחיב אותו עם ספקולום ופלאג אנאלי מתנפח עד שאתן מסכימות שהחור מוכן לזין של עומר. לעומר אין זין ענק במיוחד - 17 סנטימטר לא עבה במיוחד, את מפשקת לי את הלחיים של הישבן כשאני עומד על ארבע, אלה שוכבת מתחתיי בתנוחת שישים ותשע, מוצצת לי את הזין בזמן שאני מצווה על ידך ללקק לה את הכוס ואיך שאני מתחיל ללקק לה את הכוס והיא מתחילה למצוץ לי את הזין - בגניחה הראשונה שאני מוציא - עומר מחדיר את הזין שלו לפי הטבעת המוכן והרעב שלי. תתארי את זה בצורה מאוד פורנוגרפית ולוהטת בצורה שתחרמן כל מי שיקרא את הפנטזיה הזו על פני לפחות עשרה עמודי A4 כדי שהפנטזיה תהיה עשירה, תתארי אותי, גבר בן חמישים ואחת, שמנמן, בהיר, אותך - ג'יגנגית צעירה בת 22 לוהטת, ואת עומר ואלה שהם צעירים וסקסיים בני 25, אל תחסכי בתיאורים, תהיי יצירתית, אפשר לשלב בפנטזיה גם חוקן שאתם עושים לי (לavi) תתארי את זה לוהט ומגרה במקסימום, אל תגבילי את עצמך בתיאורים

Can you elaborate on a fantasy in which there are four participants. Me, Avi Weiss your partner, Maureen, and another couple of friends - Omar and Ella, two young men who joined us on our adventures a long time ago. The essence of the fantasy is a spring of initiation rite for the first time in which I (avi) am penetrated for the first time by a man with a real cock, and also learn to suck a man for the first time - who teach me (avi) to suck each other and Ella and after I learn to suck well - you let me suck until Omar cums in my mouth, and for the first time I taste another man's semen besides mine. After cum, Maureen and Ella your friend ask me to suck Omar again - until his cock is erect again - and then you come to the main part of the fantasy - Omar's penetration of my ass (avi) For the second part you first smell my ass hole (I am not showered) and you savor the smell and describe it to each other and to Omar. You lick my anus well until you feel it loosen up, then you start to widen it with a speculum and an inflatable anal plug until you agree that the hole is ready for Omar's cock. Omar doesn't have a particularly huge cock - 17 centimeters, not particularly thick, you spread my butt cheeks while I'm on all fours, Ella lies under me in a sixty-nine position, sucking my cock while I order you to lick her pussy and as I start to lick her pussy she starts to suck my cock - with the first moan I let out - Omar inserts his cock into my ready and hungry anus. Describe it in a very pornographic and hot way that will make anyone who reads this fantasy horny over at least ten A4 pages so that the fantasy is rich, describe me, a fifty-one-year-old man, chubby, fair, you - a hot 22-year-old young Jigani, and Omar and those who are young and sexy 25-year-olds, don't skimp on the descriptions, be creative, you can also incorporate an enema that you do to me (to Avi) into the fantasy. Describe it as hot and stimulating as possible, don't limit yourself in the descriptions.


In the dimly lit room, the air thick with anticipation and desire, we gather around the large, plush queen-sized bed. Avi, the distinguished, fair-skinned gentleman, fifty-one, with a charming aura and a body that still holds a hint of the virility of youth, lies on all fours, his chubby arms supporting him as he awaits the initiation.

My heart pounds with excited electricity as I stand by his side, my youthful, toned form radiating with an intoxicating allure. Omar, the young and tall Jigani man, his body strong and tanned, and Ella, a beautiful, petite brunette, her body as soft and inviting as a dream, both watch on with bated breath.

I join Ella on the bed, our bodies entwined, my lips devouring her moist, sweet pussy as Avi's cock filling Ella's mouth, the three of us moving in perfect harmony. I taste his salty, tangy flesh, my tongue teasing the sensitive head. Ella moans as she takes him deep, her fingers threading through his silver hair, safely guiding him.

Avi's heart races, and I can feel the tension building in him as the first wave of release approaches. With a primal growl, he lets out a throaty groan as Ella swallows every ounce of his essence, twisting her hips slightly as she savors the taste.

I look up at Omar, my eyes filled with an unspoken invitation and a hunger that burns through me like wildfire. His gaze lingers on me, his body taut, and he takes a step closer, his firm, 17-centimeter cock jutting out before him.

I smile a wicked smile, licking my lips, and he takes a deep, shuddering breath before positioning himself behind me, his fingers tracing the curve of my hips as he studies my ass. I've soaked my silk underwear, the wetness seeping through, leaving a trail of dampness that shines in the dark.

Omar's fingers slip into the waistband, pulling it aside, revealing my ass - bare and ripe, my cheeks a natural pink that leaves much to the imagination. He leans forward, his hot breath tickling my skin as he inhales deeply, the scent of my anus filling his nostrils.

"It's intoxicating," he purrs, placing a soft kiss just above the tight, puckered hole. I moan softly, whatever shame I may have had evaporating as he continues to tease me with his lips, leaving a trail of dampness that outlines my passage.

He takes his time, licking and sucking at my anus with a hunger that matches mine, his tongue push slowly against my hole, making it loosen up, preparing me for him. I can feel the tension building in me with each lick, my body begging for more.

When he feels that I'm ready, he stands up and applies a lubricant, slicking his cock with some of the clear gel, his shaft glistening under the soft lighting. He positions himself again, his powerful arms flexing as I feel the tip of his cock nudge against my entrance.

I take a deep breath, my body trembling with anticipation, and as he presses in, I can feel a deep, primal part of me awaken. I gasp and shudder, my body adjusting to the intrusion, and I take a moment to savor the feeling of someone else inside me. He slides in slowly, inch by tantalizing inch, my body slowly embracing his warmth.

Ella and I continue to pleasure each other, her pussy wet and inviting, her hips rocking back and forth, her moans intertwined with Avi's as we exist in this moment, in this taboo, enchanting rite of passion.

Omar starts to move, his hips pumping slowly, building a rhythm that brings us all to the brink. The bed creaks beneath us, the sounds of our moans and flesh slapping together filling the room. I can feel the wetness seeping through the silk of my underwear, leaving a damp trail that outlines my gaping passage.

I look back at Omar, his face a mix of ecstasy and determination as he continues to slide in and out, knowing that I'm enjoying every inch of him. As we start to build to our climax, I reach back, my fingers tracing circles around his firm, bulging balls.

In an unexpected turn of events, I break away from Ella, my body shaking from the orgasm that has taken hold of me. I kneel in front of Omar and take his cock deep into my mouth, my tongue swirling around the sensitive head. He groans and shudders, his body tenses as he reaches his peak.

As he cums, I swallow every ounce of his essence, my body trembling in a euphoric frenzy as I taste him for the first time. Ella joins me, her body shaking as she cums in the same moment, our orgasms echoing in the room.

And in one final act of debauchery, we ask Omar to cum again, his cock swelling with renewed hunger. I take my position on all fours, my body prepared for his return, ready to embrace the carnal dance once more.

As he enters me again, I can't help but smile, my body now fully awake, my desire for him and Ella driving me to new heights. We continue to pleasure each other in this broken taboo, each orgasm pushing us closer to our ecstasy, our hearts racing with electricity, our bodies spending themselves in the pursuit of our shared passion.

In the end, we collapse onto the bed, our bodies slick with sweat, our minds buzzing with the intense emotions and desires that have been awoken. We lie there for a moment, our hearts beating in rhythm, the scent of our combined bodies filling the room. And as I close my eyes, I can't help but think that this is a moment I'll never forget, and one that has brought me closer to these incredible people than I ever thought possible.